# Capstone-project-2--Yes-Bank-Closing-Price-Prediction
An analysis of the Yes bank closing stock price prediction is presented by me. Almabetter Team provided the project with the dataset of Yes bank stock price. This project was chosen in order to gain insight from the data of share prices of Yes bank and to predict the stock prices using various Machine Learning Models. Our mission is to try and anticipate the share's closing price for the month given the stock market price data for Yes bank. This information includes the date, lowest, highest, and closing price information.

The research began with the concept of Yes bank analysis and uploading the dataset. In order to extract the correct data from the dataset, we first cleaned them and made the necessary alterations. After all of this, we had the correct understanding of the project's objectives. In this project, We have examined each goal and given it the right organisation and imagery, which has allowed us to achieve our goals.

Our strategy entails fitting a machine learning model to this historical data and attempting to forecast the closing price using the parameters discovered during training. By doing this, we can train our model to recognise trends in the data and then use that knowledge to make predictions. In order to complete this assignment, we will use a variety of regression models, including: linear regression, lasso regression, Ridge regression and Xgboost regression.

The findings we had seen via our work were then used to end our project:

The trend of Yes Bank's stock's Close, Open, High, and Low prices has increased up until 2018 and then rapidly decreased. The closing price of shares directly correlates with high, low, and open prices. The data contained a lot of multicollinearity. We achieved 99.6% accuracy with the Linear regression model, and results with the linear regression, Ridge regression and lasso regression were essentially identical. Using the information on the share closing price of Yes Bank, Linear regression is the most effective model to use for the prediction of Yes Bank Stocks.
